Execute commands and overall information

In order to execute following commands you should have:

Python3, pip

If you want to launch server directly from build {
    If you don't have pipenv:
    pip install pipenv

    Before launching do (it will get required libs with all dependencies from pipfiles):
    pipenv install

    Activate virtual environment:
    pipenv shell

    (to exit the pipenv shell you can type in Сtrl + d)

    Then you can decide whether you want to debug the web-server or not:
    1.  Launch from venv:
    waitress-serve --host=0.0.0.0 --port=8080 object_detector:app

    2.  Launch from venv (DEBUG mode):
    flask --app object_detector.py --debug run -p 8080

    To stop the server from running Press Ctrl + C and Enter the special character in the terminal
}

After the server is up and running you can test its functionality:

1) Html web-server with the option of uploading an image. It then displays resulting image with detected objects (in this case it's cars)
2) Send request to the server with base64 encoded image and get encoded base64 mask (bboxes)

1. HTML web-server Testing:
    1) Locate the server with desired browser, type in the address bar:
        "http://localhost:8080/"
    2) On the opened page click the button in the upper left corner
    3) Select the image to be observed
    4) Wait a moment (around 1 sec with "best.pt" model)
    5) The resulting image with detected cars with corresponding bboxes will be displayed on the website
    6) In case if there is no cars detected there will be the original image without transformations
    7) To stop the server Press Ctrl + C in the terminal and Enter.

2. base64 encoded image api:
    Example of testing this feature is included in "send_base64.py" file. 
    This script basically takes an image file from "images" directory, encodes it and sends this data to the server.
    Feel free to change the path to the desired image.
    In order to run this test you should do the following:
    1) Run "send_base64.py":
        python send_base64.py
    2) If all is set up correctly server will response with base64 string of bbox mask:
        1. This string will be written in "response_base64.txt" file
        2. Resulting mask image will be shown in the end of a test
    3) To stop the server Press Ctrl + C in the terminal and Enter.



Known issues:

    1. For some reason the latest release of ultralytics (8.2.75) is not working correctly in local installments.
    For this reason this project uses 8.2.0 version (it was pointed out as a solution in a related issue on github),
    which results in some minor warnings from pytorch. It's not (allegedly) affecting performance of a web-server.

Vulnerabilities:

    1. According to pipenv there are two known vulnerabilities. For more information run the check with the line "pipenv check".